# Table of Contents1.  [Doc Org To Custom Help Converter](#org6e49a4a)    1.  [Todo](#org8af283a)    2.  [Installation](#org8931d19)    3.  [Overview](#org255d2d6)    4.  [Typical Workflow](#org3990d63)    5.  [Handy Doits](#orgbb8f57e)    6.  [View Help from Org files in HelpBrowser](#org4dd572f)    7.  [Install Help in Squeak from an Org file](#org2563eba)    8.  [Org Markup](#org80d11a3)    9.  [Sorting Bug](#org62312e9)    10. [Why](#org5b57ff5)<a id="org6e49a4a"></a># Doc Org To Custom Help ConverterDocOrgToX is a set of Squeak Doc classes that  convert between in image CustomHelp to Emacs Org  Markup and back again.A convert to-from github markdown is a dim-idea at the moment.<a id="org8af283a"></a>## Todo    get SeasideDoc display to recurse correctly    Read up on org-md-export-to-file  and see what it supports<a id="org8931d19"></a>## Installation        This project resides at        MCHttpRepository        location: 'http://www.squeaksource.com/Doc'        user: 'tty'        password: ''        with a very basic ConfigurationOfDoc at         http://www.squeaksource.com/MetacelloRepository/           ConfigurationOfDoc loadDefault.            Doc depends on XTreams-Parsing so the below should be run prior to installing Doc                        Installer ss           project: 'MetacelloRepository';           install: 'ConfigurationOfXtreams'.    (Smalltalk at: #ConfigurationOfXtreams) project bleedingEdge load        When it throws an exception about     in XTIOHandle>class initialize, change Display to Project as Display is no longer in the startup list.<a id="org255d2d6"></a>## Overview          This CustomHelp subclass was created by evaluating:             DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter createFromFileChooser.                    DocOrgToX is a set of Squeak Doc classes used to convert between CustomHelp to Markup and back again.        The DocCustomHelpToOrgConveter and DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter classes convert from CustomHelp to Org and back again.                https://orgmode.org/guide/        MCHttpRepository        location: 'http://www.squeaksource.com/Doc'        user: 'tty'        password: ''                Currently, the tool works best down to at most three levels of org headline.    They are of fomr                * Book Name  [ClassNameOfHelp]         ** Page name  [optionalshortpagenamehere]        ** One  [pageone]   "this page will be named 'pageone"        ** Two               "page names defaults to lowercase 'two'"        ** Fiz Biz Baz       "page names defaults to lowercase 'fizbizbaz'"        ** A Subclass  [CapitalizedFooHelp]<a id="org3990d63"></a>## Typical Workflow        (Create a .org file from existing CustomHelp. for this file, it is DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter.org)         DocCustomHelpToOrgConveter  toFile:  DocOrgToX.org        Open DocOrgToX.org in the your favorite text editor .        Save changes.        DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter viewFromFileChooser.      (this presents a 'bastardized' version of the content as no pages have been installed in the CustomHelp topics)        DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter createFromFileChooser.      (this creates and installs valid CustomHelp classes in image)<a id="orgbb8f57e"></a>## Handy Doits    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toTranscript: DocTestDocumentHelp.        DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter viewFromFileChooser    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter createFromFileChooser            HelpBrowser openOn: DocTestDocumentHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: DocOrgToCustomHelpConverterHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: PragmasHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: PostgresV3Help.    HelpBrowser openOn: SAXHandlerHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: SqueakHOWTOHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: WWWXMLTutorialHelp    HelpBrowser openOn: XMLNodeToXMLDocumentHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: XPathHelp.     HelpBrowser openOn: XtreamsHelp.    HelpBrowser openOn: HelpOnHelp.            DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: DocTestDocumentHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: DocCustomHelpToOrgConverterHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: XMLNodeToXMLDocumentHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: PragmasHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: PostgresV3Help.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: SAXHandlerHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: SqueakHOWTOHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: WWWXMLTutorialHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: XPathHelp.    DocCustomHelpToOrgConverter toFile: XtreamsHelp            DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: DocTestDocumentHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: DocOrgToCustomHelpConverterHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: XMLNodeToXMLDocumentHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: PragmasHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: PostgresV3Help.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: SAXHandlerHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: SqueakHOWTOHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: WWWXMLTutorialHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: XPathHelp.    DocOrgToCustomHelpConverter deleteCustomHelpTree: XtreamsHelp<a id="org4dd572f"></a>## View Help from Org files in HelpBrowser    DocOrgToCustomHelp viewFromFileChooser.<a id="org2563eba"></a>## Install Help in Squeak from an Org file    DocOrgToCustomHelp createFromFileChooser.<a id="org80d11a3"></a>## Org Markup     https://orgmode.org/guide/             For Squeak Help, the author chose to utilize only Org headlines      https://orgmode.org/guide/Headlines.html#Headlines             and the Begin Example End Example Block for escaping wierd stuff that is difficult to parse like  &^#^&@*(%             and for escaping the             BEGIN_EXAMPLE/END_EXAMPLE Block itself (down to one level)<a id="org62312e9"></a>## Sorting Bug        Help Browser and other classes do not respect the ordering of the content creators.    To change this remove the "sorted" send in             rootTopic: aHelpTopic    	"set the root topic and work out the top level sub-topics that it implies. Add the search topic at the end of the list"    	rootTopic := aHelpTopic asHelpTopic.         	self toplevelTopics: ((rootTopic ifNil: [#()] ifNotNil: [rootTopic subtopics ifEmpty: [{rootTopic}]]) sorted, {self searchTopic}).    	self changed: #windowTitle.         so it looks like this:        rootTopic: aHelpTopic    	"set the root topic and work out the top level sub-topics that it implies. Add the search topic at the end of the list"    	rootTopic := aHelpTopic asHelpTopic.         	self toplevelTopics: ((rootTopic ifNil: [#()] ifNotNil: [rootTopic subtopics ifEmpty: [{rootTopic}]]) , {self searchTopic}).    	self changed: #windowTitle.            Also, do the same thing in HelpTopicListItemWrapper        contents        	^self item subtopics sorted collect: [ :each |     		HelpTopicListItemWrapper with: each model: self model parent: self]    becomes        contents        	^self item subtopics  collect: [ :each |     		HelpTopicListItemWrapper with: each model: self model parent: self]<a id="org5b57ff5"></a>## Why                The author uses Emacs and Org mode and is trying to improve the documentation for Squeak.        There is boatloads of information on Squeak out there, it is just very hard to find sometimes.        This tool (and others to follow) will attempt to make it easy to create and maintain content without the bother of working with the CustomHelp classes directly.