# Table of Contents1.  [Doc Org To Custom Help [DocOrgToCustomHelpHelp]](#org5153966)    1.  [Todo](#orgb8fd7de)    2.  [Installation](#org7611a2b)    3.  [Overview](#orgb3df0ec)    4.  [Typical Workflow](#org58ac6c6)    5.  [An Atypical Workflow](#org2365bfd)    6.  [Creating Org Files from CustomHelp [HelpCreatingOrgFiles]](#org256b9aa)        1.  [Dump Single File](#org8aa86b4)        2.  [Dump All Files](#org0c1bbb5)    7.  [View Help from Org files in HelpBrowser](#orgabb2823)    8.  [Install Help in Squeak from an Org file](#org841ec26)    9.  [Org Markup](#orgad62cff)    10. [Why](#orgb3fd74d)<a id="org5153966"></a># Doc Org To Custom Help [DocOrgToCustomHelpHelp]<a id="orgb8fd7de"></a>## Todo    make both converters work properly to 7 levels.    Headlines should automatically reflect a subclass or page     subclasses as pages should not be included twice    grok the infinite recursion on some Help topics.<a id="org7611a2b"></a>## Installation        This project resides at        MCHttpRepository        location: 'http://www.squeaksource.com/Doc'        user: 'tty'        password: ''        with a very basic ConfigurationOfDoc at         http://www.squeaksource.com/MetacelloRepository/           ConfigurationOfDoc loadDefault.            Doc depends on XTreams-Parsing so the below should be run prior to installing Doc                        Installer ss           project: 'MetacelloRepository';           install: 'ConfigurationOfXtreams'.    (Smalltalk at: #ConfigurationOfXtreams) project bleedingEdge load        When it throws an exception about     in XTIOHandle>class initialize, change Display to Project as Display is no longer in the startup list.<a id="orgb3df0ec"></a>## Overview          This CustomHelp subclass was created by evaluating:             DocOrgToCustomHelp createFromFileChooser.                DocOrgToX is a set of Squeak Doc classes used to convert between CustomHelp to Markup and back again.        The DocCustomHelpToOrg and DocOrgToCustomHelp classes convert from CustomHelp to Org and back again.                https://orgmode.org/guide/        MCHttpRepository        location: 'http://www.squeaksource.com/Doc'        user: 'tty'        password: ''                Currently, the tool works best down to at most three levels of org headline.    They are of fomr                * Book Name  [ClassNameOfHelp]         ** Page name  [optionalshortpagenamehere]        ** One  [pageone]   "this page will be named 'pageone"        ** Two               "page names defaults to lowercase 'two'"        ** Fiz Biz Baz       "page names defaults to lowercase 'fizbizbaz'"        ** A Subclass  [CapitalizedFooHelp]<a id="org58ac6c6"></a>## Typical Workflow        (Create a .org file from existing CustomHelp. for this file, it is DocOrgToCustomHelp.org)         DocCustomHelpToOrg  toFile:  DocOrgToX.org        Open DocOrgToX.org in the your favorite text editor .        Save changes.        DocOrgToCustomHelp viewFromFileChooser.      (this presents a 'bastardized' version of the content as no pages have been installed in the CustomHelp topics)        DocOrgToCustomHelp createFromFileChooser.      (this creates and installs valid CustomHelp classes in image)<a id="org2365bfd"></a>## An Atypical Workflow        Create a Foo.org file with your favorite text editor        Add some headlines of different levels         Save changes.        DocOrgToCustomHelp viewFromFileChooser.      (this presents a 'bastardized' version of the content as no pages have been installed in the CustomHelp topics)        DocOrgToCustomHelp createFromFileChooser.      (this creates and installs valid CustomHelp classes in image)<a id="org256b9aa"></a>## Creating Org Files from CustomHelp [HelpCreatingOrgFiles]<a id="org8aa86b4"></a>### Dump Single File       DocCustomHelpToOrg  toFile:  TerseGuideHelp.        To output  all*  CustomHelp in the image to .org files in the default directory evaluate the following:         CustomHelp         allSubclassesWithLevelDo:          [ : eachClass : lvl |     	 (lvl = 2 )     	   ifTrue:[	    	       (eachClass = HelpOnHelp) | (eachClass = MetacelloConfigurationHelp)      		 ifFalse:[DocCustomHelpToOrg toFile: eachClass]].        startingLevel: 1.                  at this writing HelpOnHelp, MetacelloConfigurationHelp either infinite loop or stall out.<a id="org0c1bbb5"></a>### Dump All Files    To output  all*  CustomHelp in the image to .org files in the default directory evaluate the following:         CustomHelp         allSubclassesWithLevelDo:          [ : eachClass : lvl |     	 (lvl = 2 )     	   ifTrue:[	    	       (eachClass = HelpOnHelp) | (eachClass = MetacelloConfigurationHelp)      		 ifFalse:[DocCustomHelpToOrg toFile: eachClass]].        startingLevel: 1.                  at this writing HelpOnHelp, MetacelloConfigurationHelp either infinite loop or stall out.<a id="orgabb2823"></a>## View Help from Org files in HelpBrowser    DocOrgToCustomHelp viewFromFileChooser.<a id="org841ec26"></a>## Install Help in Squeak from an Org file    DocOrgToCustomHelp createFromFileChooser.<a id="orgad62cff"></a>## Org Markup       https://orgmode.org/guide/                            For Squeak Help, the author chose to utilize only Org headlines         https://orgmode.org/guide/Headlines.html#Headlines                                 and the Begin Example End Example Block for escaping wierd stuff that is difficult to parse like  &^#^&@*(%                and for escaping the                BEGIN_EXAMPLE/END_EXAMPLE Block itself (down to one level)                Two Squeak specific additions have been added to delineate method names and class names for CustomHelp methods/pages and subclasses.            These are used in headlines to specify either a page selector or a subclass of a topic.        heaqdlines with lower case names, one word in brackets [likethis] specify a page selector    headlines with no brackets default to the equivalent of this [headlineswithnobracketsdefaulttotheequivalentofthis]    headlines upper case names, one word in Brackets and ending in Help [LikeThisHelp] specify a subclass (sub-book) to create.<a id="orgb3fd74d"></a>## Why                The author uses Emacs and Org mode and is trying to improve the documentation for Squeak.        There is boatloads of information on Squeak out there, it is just very hard to find sometimes.        This tool (and others to follow) will attempt to make it easy to create and maintain content without the bother of working with the CustomHelp classes directly.