# Table of Contents1.  [Doc Test Document Help](#org674dd50)    1.  [Todo](#orgd070d9a)    2.  [Level Two Class](#orgbfa1574)        1.  [Level Three Page](#orgb1012c4)        2.  [Level Three Class](#org7354320)    3.  [Bibliography](#org9f3e54d)<a id="org674dd50"></a># Doc Test Document HelpI need to get this text to show up. put it in a comment and store retrieve it?yes, this is how SqueakCorePackagesHelp does it.<a id="orgd070d9a"></a>## Todo        1. [ ] get level one headlines content showing up    2. [ ] add org links to the parser grammar.    3. [ ] figure out and document a heuristic on handling headline levels    4. [ ] figure out a heuristic (factory next-page-name ) for page names and Help class names    5. [ ]ditch the bracket convention for pages and classes. use heuristics    6. [ ] uncomplete todo item    7. [X] complete todo item              links     + [[link][description] or [[link]       + use Org->Hyperlinks->literal  to see links as they are while still preserving the linkyness of em.       + C-c C-o to follow       + C-c & to return       + C-c C-l with the cursor on the links prompts for editing       + <BACKSPACE> after a bracket will remove the bracket exposing the links structure         + [[Bibliography][Bibliography]]<a id="orgbfa1574"></a>## Level Two Classlevel 2  class coment as it has child headlines.<a id="orgb1012c4"></a>### Level Three Pagechildless level 3 page is a page in Level Two class.<a id="org7354320"></a>### Level Three Classlevel 3  class coment as it has child headlines. 1.  Level Four Page    childless level 4 page is a page in Level Three class.2.  Level Four Class    level 4  class coment as it has child headlines.         1.  Level Five Page            childless level 5 page is a page in Level Four class.        2.  Level Five Class            level 5  class coment as it has child headlines.                 1.  Level Six Page                    childless level 6 page is a page in Level Five class.                2.  Level Six Class                    level 6  class coment as it has child headlines.                         1.  Level Seven Page                            childless level 7  page is a page in Level Six class.                        2.  Level Seven Class                            level 7  class coment as it has child headlines.                                 1.  level eight page a                                    childless level 8  page is a page in Level Seven class.                                2.  level eight page b                                    childless level 8  page is a page in Level Seven class.<a id="org9f3e54d"></a>## Bibliography<https://orgmode.org/manual/Internal-Links.html>